red flagged items in the valve that are easy to miss. So one fill it out
off for the officers. If you're a degree officer, we're on the pack.
It has about four minutes in the war fighting. Well, if you fill
one out, okay? And you're sending a message. Many words like with Ward
that Well, perhaps not the greatest war fighter. So this is where
you have to watch a lot of rocks filled red flags. One walk is missed
or not observed. If if the CEO choose. Not observed a lot observes
needs to be explained in lock 41 you have little or one. Well, why?
Oh, those are because you just rewarded Ward. Two weeks skill and
the super had a change of command. So we have a chance with period.
Okay, that is okay. You wanna be hates you against all the other officers
that have been there for half. Okay, He's gonna take their animal.
You so red flags. You have to be careful on that one. Any not
observed? You know, I had best be explained, and then you know what?
Anything less than 50 I know that seems a lot you know, But it wasn't.
You know why? What happened? It's a lot would want is the chance
to explain. So another thing to do. You know, seriously, you have to
have a day for day accountability off your fit. Well, if you were
in transit somewhere, uh, if you took a month, just four months of school
and training in route to your new ship, you better put that on
the new chefs, you know? So you see, So the finger of Ward C Day for
day, Howard. Huge red flag. If there is a gap in your coverage, you
know what happened. What do you do for a day? You're off. You cannot
have. It's got to be explained somewhere. Okay? I was in transit.
I was at school. I was traveling. All that needs to be explained in
the block for one. Okay. And you know, if the award what a thing to
do, you leave a command and you've been nominated for a meritorious
service medal. You've been nominated for the League of America, but
it hasn't been received yet, But you gotta go to your next command.
Well, make sure that it says on the ship that you're leaving nominated
for Meritorious service medal. And then when you get to your new
command, it is awarded Meritorious Service Medal for performance. On
my last command, it's got to be explained leaving and the last thing
I would say about awards. No words dicey but awards. Everyone is
expected to have a going away metal or war messages when you don't have
a war. That's the message that the old man says to the board saying
Not worth it Now the fact that everyone has an award, how do you
break that? That means you have to somehow break out during your tour
and get your war. So if you could admit to award and an inventory
ward, Oh whoa, that you I do walk on water Elevated three feet. Ball
deserves. So it's a tricky I think about awards. Your master it, you'll
get good, wish you well with it. It's not a pretty system. Was
the system that we have, and I think it's more honest than what this
06 has observed from the Air Force in the Army. You said it in the
Army. Maybe there is other perspectives altogether, and it's going
maybe